Use single worker if importing `multiprocessing.synchronize` fails (#5238)
PyCQA/pylint: doc/whatsnew/2.12.rst

  explicit typing

  Closes #5222

> * The ``--jobs`` parameter now fallbacks to 1 if the host operating system does not

Reviewer: Minor edit:
```suggestion
* The ``--jobs`` parameter now falls back to 1 if the host operating system does not
```
